(next) - prevent client-serialization even without getInitialProps (#857)
FormidableLabs/urql: .changeset/curly-bags-tap.md

---
'next-urql': patch
---

> Prevent serialization even if we don't have getInitialProps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevent serialization of the `Client` for `withUrqlClient` even if the target component doesn't have a `getInitialProps` method. Before this caused the client to not be initialised correctly on the client-side.
```
